I like any movie that has vampires in it .	我喜欢任何带有吸血鬼的电影。
The best cartoons are `` The Family Guy '' , `` The Simpsons '' , `` Futurama '' , and `` South Park '' .	恶搞之家”，“辛普森一家”，“飞出个未来”还有“南方公园”是最好的卡通片。
Funny , but I have it before , now .	有趣，我之前拥有它，现在。
I joined the new organization Rapt is Cra*p .	我加入的新组织Rapt是一团糟。
Yes , this show can be addictive .	是的，这个秀能让人上瘾。
Thus , I no longer believe in the concept of `` true friends . 	''因此，我不再相信“真朋友”这个概念。
This is supposed to the the case with muffins , but is not intelligent for either case .	这个容器本该是有松饼的，但不管是哪种情况这都是不明智的。
Furthermore , you should reference the Wikipedia article concerning SS .	另外，你应该引用维基百科上有关SS的文章。
Always attempt to do your best . 	永远尝试做最好。
`` Behind the Green Door '' is the best erotica I have ever watched . 	“绿门之后”是我看到过最好的色情作品。
No , I do not think so , but they are both fine .	不，我不这样认为，但是他们都很好。
`` Your mom '' is not an answer . 	“你妈妈”不是个回答。
`` The Animal House '' soundtrack is always a good one to listen to . 	“动物屋”的电影配音一直听起来很好。
Yes , if he said on his website he will sue , he likely means it .	是的，如果他在他网站上说他会起诉，他有可能就是认真的。
Perhaps a tank top or a halter top and jeans ? 	可能一个坎肩或者一个吊带和牛仔裤？
Likely it is probably because they could not spell `` Lincoln '' . 	可能因为他们不能拼写“林肯”这个词。
If you have paid attention , I have already said it ; Good luck ! 	如果你留意了，我已经说过了；祝你好运！
Also , unless your life is really bad you would not want to meet the devil . 	而且，除非你的生活特别差，你是不会想要遇见恶魔的。
I have had a crush on him for a very long time . 	我已经喜欢他很久了。
Actually , the title is `` Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye . '' 	实际上，题目是“呐呐~~嘿嘿~~和他吻别~~~”.
Finally , one if them asked , `` What did she roll ? '' 	最终，他们中的一个问道，“她刚刚滚了什么东西？”
It is going to be very entertaining . 	这将会非常有趣。
Especially after the way she behaved toward his mother . 	特别是在她那样对他妈妈之后。
102 and the story continues . 	102并且故事继续。
Greet them as though nothing happened between you . 	像你们之间没发生过什么那样和他们打招呼。
Is it `` I Wish it Would Rain '' by The Temptations ? 	这是诱惑乐团的“我希望天会下雨”吗？
They are both bad because I have never seen them . 	他们都很坏因为我从没见过他们。
Any music ranging from Evanescence to Mozart , but no country .	任何从Evanescence变化到莫扎特的音乐，但是没有国别。
`` Scary Movie '' 1-3 , `` Euro Trip , '' and `` Final Destination . '' 	“惊声尖笑”1-3，“欧洲任我行，”和“死神来了。”
Check out this web link , it has a lot of locations and different prices . 	看看这个网络链接， 它有许多定位和不同的价位。
For now , he is our Black George Clooney , to me . 	就目前来说，他对我来说是我们黑人版的乔治克鲁尼。
Who do you think that he will sue . 	你觉得他会起诉谁。
The format is sheet music , and it is not free of charge . 	形式是活页乐谱，而且不是免费的。
He is Apolo Anton Ohno , an Olympic speed skater for Team USA . 	他是Apolo Anton Ohno， 一个来自美国队的奥林匹克速滑运动员。
The lyrics of the song are `` blame it on the rain , kiss the rain . ''	这首歌的歌词是“怪那场雨，亲吻那场雨。”
I am unable to make a decision , so I would say both are acceptable . 	我没法做决定，但我会说两个都可接受。
This was a sunday school song .	这是一首主日学校的歌。
I think that country songs are basically diaries .	我认为乡村音乐基本上相当于日记。
A guardian angel protected the baby . 	一个守护天使保护着小宝宝。
I love the Black Eyed Peas . 	我喜欢黑眼豆豆。
Any instrument which one can play with one 's hands : banjo , mandolin , trombone , congas , maracas , the triangle , etc . 	任何用手能演奏的乐器：班卓琴，曼陀林，长号，康茄鼓，沙球，三角铁等等。
Because he is not on the twentieth floor . 	因为他不是在第十二层。
Also , the fight scenes and choreography are very well done . 	而且，打斗场面和舞蹈编排都非常好。
They are lazy , and have nothing important to do . 	他们很懒，而且没有有意义的事做。
Alright , so they are in the room with their clothes off . 	好吧，所以他们脱了衣服在房间里。
The Offspring because all of their songs sound good . 	因为后裔乐队所有的歌都很好听。
`` Beat It '' because the song features Eddie Van Halen on the guitar ! 	“打败它”因为这首歌以吉他手Eddie Van Halen为主要内容。
I , however , just like to bake . 	但是我就是喜欢烘焙。
I will totally buy it , if anyone has a copy . 	如果任何人有复制版，我肯定会买。
Wow , that is a really good one . Hmm . Imagination can be a good thing . Imagine that . Peace out . 	哇，那个非常好。嗯。想象力是个好东西。想象一下。再见。
Do not get me wrong . I like Jennifer , she is cute ; Angie , however , is sexually attractive .	别误会。我喜欢詹妮弗，她很可爱；但是安吉很性感。
It is a closed series , so do not expect it . 	这个电视剧完结了，所以别期待了。
It would have to be Superman . 	应该会是超人。
You could tell them you are engaged ? 	你能告诉他们你订婚了吗？
`` That Thing You Do '' by The Wonders is a good song and is a great move , also .	奇迹小子的“你干的事”是首好歌也是个好电影。
I sincerely do not know . I love both very much . 	我真的不知道。我两个都很喜欢。
She is still married to Josh , and Billy likes her as well . 	她仍是乔希的妻子，而且比利也喜欢她。
My man smells very good . 	我的男人闻起来很棒。
I do not watch that show anymore .	我不再看那个展览了。
Some people do , others stand out front and hit camera crews . 	有些人会这样，其他人挺身而出打摄制组。
I love Pearl Jam , but I would have to choose Metallica . 	我爱Pearl Jam，但我会选择Metallica。
I can not choose . They are both good . 	我没法选。他们都很好。
What kind of school to you go to ? 	你要去什么样的学校？
I ca n't eat another bite . I proceed to chew and explode . 	我一口也吃不下了。我要嚼一嚼然后被撑爆。
I 've got TiVo ready to go when the show begins .	当展览开始的时候，我已经让TiVo准备好走了。
So then it was just pulled off the air ? 	所以后来它变成真空了？
I have been obsessed with Johnny Cash 's biography since I saw Walk The Line .	自从我看了一往无前后，我对Jonny Cash的自传很着迷。
I think music has changed so much that there are no decent songs anymore to play in a club . 	我觉得音乐已经改变很多，以至于酒吧里已经不再有得体的音乐了。
The new one has Johnny Depp in it .	新的那个里面有Johnny Depp。
I think it is a mid-nineties movie , perhaps 1995 or '96 . 	我觉得它是十九世纪中期的电影，可能是1995年或是96年的。
Does anyone else understand me ? 	有人理解我吗？
Can you please include your email ?  	能不能请你把你邮箱算进来？
The song 'Breaking Free ' is very good . 	我心乘风是首好歌。
You need to pin down a bass that he favors . 	你需要固定住他喜欢的那个低音乐器。
The Munsters did not have a butler , but the Addams family had Lurch . 	怪怪家族里没有男管家，但是亚当斯一家里有挫折。
Yes , they do . It is weird that I never really thought about that . Thank you for pointing that out . 	是的，他们是。真奇怪我从没认真思考过那个。谢谢你指出来。
Would it be the same if Superman was not Superman , but Ok-man ? 	如果超人不是超人而是好男人，一切还会一样吗？
Same thing , different day . She is still addicted to cocaine , and her husband is still abusing her . 	一样的事情，不同的时期。她仍旧对可卡因上瘾，她的丈夫也还在虐待她。
Bucky should , but it is most likely that one of the protagonists will do that . 	布基会的，但是很有可能其中一个主角会那样做。
Jen is a good girl . Angelina is a bad girl .	Jen是个好女孩。安吉丽娜是个坏女孩。
What is her name is real life ?  	她现实生活中名字是什么？
She looked down and screamed . 	她向下看然后尖叫。
That is your nickname ? 	你小名是什么？
I would pick a David Bowie or Trent Reznor song . 	我会选首大卫·鲍伊或者特伦特·雷兹诺的歌。
You call yourself a professor ? 	你自称教授吗？
Who are the rest ? 	剩下的还有谁？
Those are the only ones I can think of right now . 	这些是我现在唯一能想到的。
It demonstrates individuals possessing considerable wealth and notoriety results in a life of discontent .	它展示了那些拥有相当多财富还有臭名昭著并且生活不愉快的人们。
You have typing ability , but no speaking ability . Um , reality dictates your growth is progressing in an inverted manner ! 	你会打字但不会说话。嗯，现实支配着你的成长向逆向发展！
If you 're a fan of the Christian punk genre , you 're therefore familiar with Thousand Foot Krutch . 	如果你是Christian punk派的粉丝，那你肯定会熟悉Thousand Foot Futch。
I desire an appearance on `` Wheel of Fortune . ''	我希望能上“命运之轮”这个节目。
He is very down to earth , so to speak , and also very cool ! 	他可以说是很接地气而且很酷了。
Limewire , Bearshare , Imesh are all good , and Bittorent is the the best .	Limewire，Bearshare , Imesh都不错，Bittorent是最棒的。
There are too many good choices to pick just one . 	好的选择太多了，所以只选一个很难。
I believe that Brad is beginning to have some sort of crisis . 	我相信Brad开始有危机了。
This was back when they played more favorable music . 	当他们演奏更多讨人喜欢的音乐时，这就回来了。
It is not really scary , just disturbing . 	它并不特别恐怖，只是让人烦。
I even had a small part in one once . That is fun stuff .  	我甚至曾经拥有过一个中的一小部分。那是个有趣的东西。
I just wiped a booger on you . 	我就是往你身上擦了鼻屎。
She was made even more unattractive for the role she played . 	她因为扮演这个角色变得更没魅力了。
I prefer her over Angelina . 	我喜欢她超过喜欢安吉丽娜。
Gerard is not a homosexual . But he was , Villa Vallo would be his boyfriend , or perhaps Billie Joe from Green Day . 	Gerard不是同性恋，但他曾经是，Villa Vallo或者可能绿日乐队的Billie Joe会是他的男朋友。
I enjoyed the movies , too . Shrek 3 is coming out , soon . 	我也喜欢电影。怪物史莱克3马上要上映了。
She opens the car door . 	她打开了车门。
It was funny because a lot of it was spot on . 	它很有趣的是因为它许多都很准确。
I would like to express gratitude as I currently feel greatly improved . 	我想表达感激因为我最近感觉提高很多。
You place her in a cylindrical shaped room and instruct her to sit in the corner . 	你让她待在一个圆柱形的房间还教她坐在角落。
I must state this is a difficult situation . 	我必须说这个处境很艰难。
It is certainly time for Chicken Little . 	该看四眼天鸡了。
I believe the finale occurred last year with the film titled `` Star Wars : Episode III : Revenge of the Sith . '' 	我相信去年的那个电影是大结局，叫做“星战前传Ⅲ：西斯的复仇”
I agree , I think that they are unseemly also .	我同意，我认为他们也不合适。
My answer is , `` Do not try to butter me up ! ''	我的回答是“不要试着让他讨好我。
I would appreciate it if I did .	如果我做了，我将不胜感激。
People continue to talk about him and his work as though he were alive .	人们就好像他还活着一样继续讨论他和他的作品。
In my opinion , sarcasm is very amusing .	在我看来，讽刺是非常有趣的。
I enjoyed that show , then one Saturday I turned the television on and the show was not playing .	我很喜欢那个节目，有一个周六我打开电视但那个节目不播出了。
I do not even know the show , as in what time it airs , etc .	我甚至不知道那个节目，就像它什么时候播出等等。
We have very large shopping malls out where I live .	在我住处的外面有大型商场。
I met the man who portrayed Bear Bryant in `` Forrest Gump . ''	我见了那个在“阿甘正传”中描绘贝尔布莱恩特的人。
Did I make you laugh ?	我把你弄笑了吗？
Tim Allen acted in the film `` The Shaggy Dog . ''	蒂姆艾伦饰演电影“毛茸茸的狗”。
Attend the beach or lake and engage in splashing as it may be enjoyable .	到海滩和湖边冲浪因为这很有趣。
`` Thanks again Ma'am , '' he replied , brushing them off .	再次感谢女士，“把他们打发走后他回答说。
Is it not sad that entertainers are not like this anymore .	表演者不再喜欢这个并不令人伤心。
Nicole Kidman was a great actress . I also like Reese Whitherspoon .	妮可基德曼是一位伟大的女演员。 我也喜欢瑞茜威瑟斯彭。
What is there to lie about ?	有什么可说谎的。
For one thing , do whatever you want to do .	首先，去做你想做的。
Provide the website address please as I visit many websites without acquiring it .	请在我访问且不需要获取的时候提供网络地址。
Naruto due to the exciting and sensational nature as well as being the best of the specified three games .	火影忍者由于令人兴奋和耸人听闻的性质成为三个特定游戏中最好的。
A great many songs prompt the specified reaction from me .	很多歌曲都引发了我指定的反应。
You are certainly missing a person while I am very fond of you .	当我很喜欢你的时候你一定在想念一个人。
I am not certain if I should feel amused , sad , or both , however , i was instructed to repeat it .	我不确定我是否应该开心，难过，还是两者都有，然后我被要求重复一遍。
Do you know the Beck song `` Deadweight '' ?	你知道Beck的歌曲“Deadweight”吗？
It is all me , you know .	这就是我，你知道的。
I do not know , but he had great music .	我不知道，但他有很棒的音乐。
One example of a dance move that is really a hip-hop move is `` crunking . ''	嘻哈音乐中舞蹈动作的一个例子就是摇摆。
I play guitar and some piano , but I can not read music at all.	我会一点吉他和钢琴，但我看不懂音乐。
She is a woman but she is very unattractive .	她是一个女人但她没有吸引力。
This is a strange question and answer , but I still do not understand you .	这是一个奇怪的问题和答案，但我还是不能理解你。
Then you can find your song , so I recommend that you try it .	接下来你可以找得到你的歌，所以我推荐你试一试。
This the sound love makes when it strikes .	这是爱来临的声音。
In the first instance , it is rap , not rape .	在第一个例子中，这是说唱，不是强奸。
You must watch it to have an appreciatio of it .	你必须观看它才能欣赏它
I like both , but am going to select The Simpsons .	两者我都喜欢，但是我要选辛普森一家。
However that is only my opinion and thank you for your answer to my question .	然而这仅仅是我的观点，谢谢你回答我的问题。
However , it is when one can do something and another can not .	然而，这是一个人能做某事而另一个人不能做的时候。
Stay in the bathroom the entire day .	一整天都呆在浴室。
If so , what was the movie ?	如果这样，电影是什么？
I am in agreement with Fluor that it is worthy of your consideration .	我同意Fluor的意见，这值得你考虑。
I can not believe anyone is spending time discussing this question .	我不敢相信有人花时间在这个问题上。
Because the boy was unattractive , she did not want to look further at him .	因为这个男孩没有吸引力，她不想再看他了。
She was quite pleasant but too young for me .	她很好但是对我来说太年轻了。
In actuality I do not know how to play .	实际上，我不知道怎么使用它。
I would want to be Vegeta , however , he is not a super hero .	我想成为贝吉塔，但是，他不是超级英雄。
His name is Peter !	他的名字叫皮特！
It is a riot watching it .	看着他是一场暴乱。
I like her movies and want to know what you think about them .	我喜欢她的音乐，我还想知道你怎么认为的。
I feel it is a good way for relaxation	我觉得这是放松的一个好方式。
But I am a Capricorn , Hoop Hoop .	但是我是一个摩羯座，呼呼。
I liked the original `` Apocalypse Now . '' Martin Sheen did an awesome job !	我喜欢原版“现代启示录”，Martin Sheen做的很棒。
I do not know . However , they turn purple , when you kick them in their Smurf private parts .	然而我不知道，当你把它们踢到蓝精灵的私人地方时它们会变紫。
He says , `` There were things that overwhelmed me . ''	他说，"有些东西让我不堪重负"。
Do you know who he really is ?	你知道他到底是谁吗？
I just concluded it . It 's wonderful !	我刚刚得出结论，这真是太棒了。
I love one of her early songs , called `` Sk8er b0i '' .	我喜欢她的一首早期歌曲，叫做“Sk8er b0i”。
He performs a great song , but confusingly , his appearance is not consistently appealing ! Is n't that strange ?	他能演奏很棒的歌曲，但是令人困惑的是，他的表现并不总是吸引人，这不奇怪吗？
The little brother then replied : `` No - but Grandmother is ! ''	小弟弟接着回答说：“不 - 但祖母是！“
Because it was such poor quality or because it was offensive ?	因为它质量很差或因为它太冒犯人？
That is correct . Emo was once a label children would not apply to themselves .那是对的 。	Emo曾经是一个标签，孩子们不再用在自己身上了。
I choose Amy 's song . What is your opinion ?	我选择艾米的歌曲，你的意见呢？
It was good enough for me to ask for others ' opinions . What did you think of it ?	对我来说问问其他人的意见很重要，你觉得呢？
Basically , a simple greeting such as `` Hello . How are you ? My name is David . '' You ought to introduce yourself by name . It helps tremendously .	基本上，一些简单的问候，比如“你好，你好吗？我叫David，“你应该从名字开始介绍自己，这有很大的帮助。
I would make her eat a cheeseburger .	我会让她吃芝士汉堡。
Queen of the Damned was horrible .	吸血鬼女王是个烂片。
have you heard about the new pirate movie ?	你听说过新的海盗电影吗？
Nirvana is the absolute best !	Nirvana绝对是最棒的！
Well , he did come from outer space , so it is normal for him to appear unusual .	嗯，他确实来自外太空，所以他看起来不寻常是正常的。
You do know that Simba , from `` The Lion King , '' is evil ?	你知道来自“狮子王”的辛巴是邪恶的吗？
Reggie Miller , Clyde Dexter , Charles Barkley , and Micheal Jordan .	雷吉·米勒，克莱德·德雷克斯勒 ，查尔斯·巴克利 ，麦克·乔丹。
It was gross and ugly . Pro-life people anger me , I am completely pro-choice .	这是粗暴和丑陋的。看重生活的人使我愤怒，我完全是看重选择。
She said she was a blonde .	她说她是个金发女郎。
They have not done anything bad to me .	她们没有做让我生气的事。
He does not have an accent and is more techno .	他没有口音更像电子乐。
They did and wanted to trick the paparazzi .	他们确实想欺骗狗仔队。
It sounds like the song `` Staying Alive '' by the Bee Gees .	这听起来像Bee Gees的歌曲“活着”。
`` Without a Trace '' is the Steven movie being talked about and it came later than the 1980s .”	神不知鬼不觉“是史蒂芬备受谈论的电影，它出现于20世纪80年代后。
Women only like him because he has money .	女人爱他仅仅是因为他有钱。
Opera Ghost was on Phantom of the Opera .	歌剧鬼怪出现在歌剧魅影上。
I do not know , but the song is very good .	我不知道，但是歌曲非常好。
My answer would be Eminem , because his music is just so funny and it is relevant to today 's pop music environment .	我的答案是阿姆，因为他的音乐很有趣，而且与现代流行音乐环境相关。
I use Audio Adrenaline . Have you ever heard of them ? Maybe I should have asked if they are still around ?	我使用的是Audio Adrenaline，你听说过他们吗？也许我应该问他们是否还在？
She is the wife of John Lennon .	她是约翰列侬的妻子。
I did not think it was good .	我不认为这很好。
You need to select a source which has 3 to 4 stars .	你需要选择有3到4颗星的资源。
The Mexican lady doctor performed the surgery . The cute young doctor is who was intimate with Grey and helped her .	墨西哥女医生进行了手术。 这位与格雷十分亲密的可爱年轻医生帮助了她。
If you mean Dylan from 90210 and Cohen from OC , then I pick Cohen , easily .	如果你的意思是来自90210的Dylan和来自OC的Cohen，那么我很容易选择Cohen
Yes , we can tell , you look like your avatar .	是的，我们可以告诉你，你看起来像你的化身
I would be surprised if I had no eyebrows .	如果我没有眉毛，我会感到惊讶。
We 're working constantly , so we do n't see each other that often .	我们一直在工作，所以我们没有经常见。
I have nothing else to do .	我没有其他可以做的.
I 'm certain he 's in the phone book .	我确定他在电话簿里。
The only website I know of is for Hoopz , which is n't currently active .	我唯一知道的网站是Hoopz，不过它不怎么活跃。
Discover whether or not what I say is true .	发现无论我说的什么都是真的。	句子有问题
Yes , but you must stop eating out at restaurants .	是的，但是你必须停止去外面餐馆吃饭了。
No , it would not be the same , because his name would have changed .	不，这不一样，因为他的名字可能早就改了。
The color is actually more of an off white .	这颜色实际是灰白色。
I can not answer that question because I seldom watch that program .	我无法回答那个问题，因为我很少看那个节目。
Usher is a superior artist because Chris Brown tries to copy him and 50 cent does n't dance .	亚瑟是一个伟大的歌手，因为克里斯·布朗试图抄袭他，并且五毛不会跳舞。
The voters made the right decision and did not re-elect Kevin Covais .	投票者们做出了正确的决定，并没有再次选择凯文·柯威斯。
She was distraught due to Simon 's behavior .	因为西蒙的行为，她几乎发狂了。
keira Knightly and Keanu Reeves appeared very attractive .	凯拉·奈特莉和基努·里维斯长得都非常迷人。
Yes , due to an ability to excel in this aspect of being untruthful .	是的，就是在不诚实这方面能力很出色。	
I once observed him in person .	我曾经亲眼观察过他。
It is the consequence of wasting the time and I am not able to recover it .	这就是浪费时间的后果，我没办法修复它了。
I engaged in ice skating and riding bicycles with great enjoyment during my younger years .	在我年少时，我曾非常享受地投入在滑冰和骑行中。
It causes them to become loud and excited , but in a good , happy way .	它让他们变得兴奋和高亢，不过是以一种良好的快乐的方式。
Yes , and so does `` Baa Baa Black Sheep . ''	是的，就是歌词“黑绵羊咩咩叫”。
I believe that he was being unfaithful to her .	我觉得他对她不忠 。
I only finished it because I hate not seeing how a movie ends .	我都看完了，因为我讨厌看电影时不看它如何结尾。
`` Sugar We 're Going Down '' is a song by Fall Out Boy .	“糖，我们要下去了”是翻闹小子的一首歌。
I dislike Ashley Simpson .	我不喜欢艾希礼·辛普森。
He is not a homosexual , and why are you obsessed with other people 's lives ?	他不是同性恋，为什么你要执着于别人的生活？
Go apply on their websites .	去他们网站申请下。
Move with it and go with the flow .	跟着它移动，随着流动而动。
She was the prettiest on the show .	她是这场演出中最漂亮的那个。
Looking at her is annoying .	看着她让人怒火中烧。
I do not think it will happen .	我认为它不会发生。
It has to be the Cat in the Hat .	那必须是戴帽子的猫。
I think it is time to stop .	我觉得是时候停止了。
There are rumors everywhere .	到处都有谣言。
I like the song `` Vampire Heart . ''	我喜欢“吸血鬼之心”这首歌。
Too much rap music is unintelligible and bad .	太多说唱的音乐很难懂很差。
I could continue for awhile . And asking for two hoops , as well .	我能再坚持会，再要两个环。
Or , they both have the letters `` m '' and `` e '' , which spells `` me '' !	或者他们都有字母“m”和“e”，拼读在一起就是“me”了!
I saw nothing for free .	我没看到啥免费的东西。
Do not be fooled by the diamonds that she has !	不要被她那些珠宝给骗了。
Do you want to hear another dirty joke ?	你想听另一个黄段子吗？
Sex is when a man and a woman get together , and become intimate .	性是一个女人和一个男人交合，变得亲密无间。
Other than that , I am a golden girl , ha ha .	除那以外，我是一个黄金女郎，哈哈。
I enjoy many different kinds of rock music .	我喜欢许多不同风格的音乐。
That 's a really bad question to ask .	真是一个糟糕的问题。
He has quite a few on stage as well .	他在舞台上也有很多。
Why did they stop playing that movie on The Disney Channel ? 	为什么他们在迪士尼频道停播了那部电影？
It is a lovely movie . Johnny Depp was in it , which says enough .	这是一部非常好的电影，约翰尼·德普就在这部电影中，有这点就够了。
I enjoy all , if someone plays it .	我享受一切，如果有人玩的话。
I am very excited to see the reunion . What about all of you ? 	看到再次统一，我很激动，你们呢？
It is a film that is worth watching .	这是一部非常值得看的电影。
Everyone seems to have forgotten that you are an addict .	大家似乎都忘了你是个瘾君子。
We have not made it .	我们没成功。
The worst movie I have seen is Warriors of Virtue .	我看过最糟糕的电影是五行战士。
I think my friend died .	我觉得我朋友死了。
I love `` Days of our Lives '' !	我喜欢“我们的日子”。
I agree that Jason X was terrible , but the first Terminator movie was just as bad .	我同意星际公敌很糟糕，但是第一部那个终结者电影也同样糟糕。
If that movie was a person I would probably want to kill it .	如果那部电影是个人，我可能会想要杀了他。
You could start a student-based anime club .	你可以开一个以学生为主体的动漫俱乐部
You want to count that from us ?	你想要从我们开始数么？
The First part is alright but parts two and three are hopeless .	这第一部分还行，但是第二和第三部分没啥希望。
Thank you , in advance , if you are able to help 	如果你有啥能帮到的，先提前谢谢你
The song is nice and I like it .	这首歌很好，我很喜欢。
It is even more boring than you would have hoped .	它甚至比你预想中的还要无聊。
He did make it and I do like most of his animated movies .	他成功了，我也确实喜欢他的大多数动漫电影
He sounds like an older Rod Stewart on drugs !	他听起来就像个吸了毒的老版洛·史都华。
I am not a girl , but I believe it comes naturally .	我不是个女孩，但是我相信变成女孩是自然而然的。	不确定
I continue to find it funny , though .	但是我仍然发现这个很有趣
The man came out with tears in his eyes , `` I tried , but I ca n't kill my wife . ''	这个人眼里含着泪走了出来，“我试过了，但是我还是无法杀了我妻子。”	标点尽量一致
A , B , C , D , E , F , G are the musical notes .	A,B,C,D,E,F,G是音符。
Milli Vanilli 's , `` Blame it on the Rain . ''	米力·瓦利的“归咎于雨。”
Steve Perry , George Jones , and Loretta Lynn are my favorite country singers .	史蒂夫.佩里，乔治·琼斯，和洛雷塔·林恩是我最喜欢的乡村歌手。
Are Kasey Kahne and Kristy LaBonte still dating？	Kasey Kahne和Kristy LaBonte还在约会吗？
Put them right alongside the rest of the characters .	把他们放在其他角色旁边。
Do you really expect him to come back ?	你真得希望他回来吗？
You mother is so unintelligent that she tried to alphabetize M & Ms .	你的妈妈如此愚钝，竟然试着按字母顺序排列M和Ms。
I think he is rather awe-inspiring as well .	我认为他也非常让人敬佩。
Both are good but I preferred the original `` Star Wars '' films .	两个都很好，但是我更喜欢那部原创电影“星球大战”。
If she said she was from the neighborhood , then she was .	如果她说她来自附近地区，那她就是了。
I would be very upset if I found out that he and Robert are in a relationship .	如果发现她和罗伯特在谈恋爱，那我会很崩溃。
It is available on amazon.com for about $ 15 , excluding shipping and handling costs .	在亚马逊上还有卖，大概15美元，不包括运费和装卸费。
You could return one day in the future to see younger students doing as you did and feel nostalgia at the same time .	将来你回来那天看到小学生们做着跟你同样的事，会心生怀旧。
Men are obsessed because it is rare to see women with such personalities .	男人们都很着迷，因为他们很少见到如此有个性的女人。
If not , then listen to it . It is very good .	如果不是，那就听一听吧，很不错的。
The remake of `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' was vicious . And `` The Exorcist '' still scares me .	”德州电锯杀人狂“的重拍版非常恶毒。”驱魔“这部电影还是吓到我了。
What you call someone with brunette hair who is standing between two persons with blonde hair .	你叫那个有着一头棕发站在两个金发人中间的人什么？
I am of the opinion that Hoopz is more attractive than she it .	我觉得hoopz比她更迷人。
It depends upon the age and type of motion picture .	这个取决于电影的年代和类型。
If you speak Spanish , you should get some CDs recorded in that language .	假如你说西班牙语，那你应该找些西班牙语的唱片。	这个翻译不准确，已修改
Here is my complaint : I do not want to wait until July .	这就是我抱怨的：我不想等到七月。
I wanted some guy act sexual on a webcam .	我想找个人在网络摄像头下做爱。
Can you tell me ?	你能告诉我吗？
I like rap and hip hop music .	我喜欢说唱和嘻哈音乐。
They are like an anti-hero , but also a villain .	他们就像是反派英雄，但也是个恶棍。
She says okay . I will give you 15 cookies .	她说可以，我就给你15个饼干。
It is the way God made it , next question , please ?	这就是上帝造它的方法，下个问题，请？
Ang is taking Brad on a wild ride . 	昂正带着布拉德疯狂骑行。
I love them all except for rappers because rap is not good .	我爱它们所有，除了那些说唱者们，因为说唱真的不好听。
Buy , rent , and watch the movie Fight Club , and then read the book . 	买，租，看搏击俱乐部这个电影，然后再读这本小说。
Summerland is not on the WB website anymore .	海岸情缘再也不会在WB网站了。
Occasionally I lay out at night and get a moon burn .	有时候我躺在夜色之中，就被月亮烧伤了。		不确定
The name of the road is North !	这条路的名字叫北方！
I was mentally ill at one time . They locked me in a room filled with worms .	我曾经有过精神病，他们把我关在满是虫子的房间里。
No , however she has very attractive posterior and that is enough for me .	不，但她的后背非常迷人，这点对我来说足矣。
And the man says , `` That is strange . I work for the Four Seasons Hotel . ''	这位男士说，“那很奇怪啊。我在四季酒店工作。”
Or you think that you are much more intelligent than Travolta ?	或者你认为你比特拉沃尔塔更聪明？
Johnny Depp always has been and always will be . He is a classic .	约翰尼.德普是一个经典人物，经久不衰。
They were in a relationship , but they had a big fight .	他们曾是恋人，但是他们大吵了一架
Have someone preform oral sex on you .	让人给你口交。
Do not trust the website supershadow.com .	不要相信supershadow.com这个网站。
Two blonde women walked into a bar .	两个金发碧眼的女郎走进了一家酒吧。
There is a guy without any arms or legs lying on the beach	一有个没有胳膊和腿的家伙正躺在海滩上。
Their music has coaxed me through some awful times .	他们的音乐在我艰难时光给我慰藉。
I have downloaded song of his to my computer .	我已经把他的歌下载到电脑上了
At the moment , it is , `` Your Man , '' by Josh Turner .	此刻，我们听到的是乔什.特纳的歌曲“你的男人”。
Only if I was lucky .	但愿我很幸运。
I am a fan of Destinys Child , and especially Beyonce .	我是真命天女的粉丝，更是碧昂丝的粉丝。
You would have to play a large festival soon .	你近期有必要举办一场大型音乐节。
That refers to the shaking of one 's posterior .	那是指臀部的摇摆。
However , if Bruce Banner is ambushed , then Juggernaut will win .	但是，如果布鲁斯.班纳被伏击了，那红坦克就要胜利了。
I had to consume alcohol after watching that one .	看完那个之后我得喝点酒。
Hello , I need help deciding which manga I should purchase .	你好，我需要你帮我决定我应该买哪本漫画。
Please supply me with names to use in testing it .	请为我提供一些名字用来测试它。
I rank it in the same tier as classics such as Gone with the Wind , The Green Mile , and The Shawshank Redemption .	我认为它和飘，绿色奇迹以及肖申克的救赎等一样是经典
I do not like what I have heard ; rather , i am annoyed by it .	我很不喜欢我听到的话；更确切地说，我被气到了。
if you slip , i will catch you in my curls .	要是你滑倒了，我会用我的卷发接住你。
He invents all of his work by himself .他独自做完了他所有的工作。
Examine your face in the mirror .	请照镜子看看你的脸。
They get married but that does not mean she can not also stay with her father .	他们结婚了，但是这并不意味着她也不能和她爸爸住一起了。
Murdering a worthless celebrity such as Paris Hilton , for example , is not worth going to prison for .	比如，谋杀一个像帕丽斯.希尔顿一样毫无价值的名人然后被关进监狱是不值得的。
Look out world , because this group could really succeed in a big way !	放眼世界，因为这个组合非常可能大获成功！
It takes a lot of money to look this cheap !	为了让这个看起来便宜点花了不少钱！
It is odd that all the others who answered this question are females .	其他所有回答了这个问题的人都是女性，这很奇怪啊。
I would say something like , `` Did Jesus every have sex ? `` .	我想说的事比如，“耶稣有过性生活吗？”
It is the only color that it can be .	这是它唯一的颜色。
Is that what R. Kelly meant to have happen ?	那就是罗伯特.凯利想要发生的事情吗？
I am not too old , I am only 21 .	我才没那么老，我只有21岁。
Are you serious or are you just the daft ?	你是认真的吗还是你只是很蠢？
That is a good one , so thank you .	那个就很好，谢谢你。
I think you just fried my brain .	我觉得你让我脑袋炸了锅。
Sarcasm is my favorite and I can not help myself .	我最爱挖苦别人而且我控制不住自己。
Val Kilmer is in Tombstone and says : `` I have two guns , one for each of you . ''	在电影墓碑镇里瓦尔.基尔默说：“我有两把枪，每人一支。”
He says that my mother says not to and I do not want to .	他说我妈妈不让做的我就不想做。
The particular one when Rory moved into her Yale dorm .	就是罗里搬进她耶鲁宿舍时候的那个。
I would like to watch , `` Pros Vs. Joes , `` or maybe , `` Who Wants to be a Millionaire .	我想去看“普罗斯对阵乔斯”或者“谁想成为百万富翁”。
He would not need to deny it .	他不必否认。
She sings fairly well too .	她也唱得相当好。
Johnny said , `` Grandpa , your dog is growling at me ! ''	约翰尼说，“祖父，你的狗在对我叫！”
I think Alicia Keys is taking over the RnB genre .	我认为艾丽西亚.凯斯将会主宰R&B乐坛。
I am not great at communicating with women .	我不善于与女性交流
Rupert Grint plays Ron Weasley from the Harry Potter movies .	鲁伯特.格林特在哈利.波特系列电影中扮演罗恩.韦斯莱。
It is better to listen to decent music than whatever comes on the radio .	最好听一些好点儿的音乐而不是听收音机里放的任何音乐。
I said there was a lot of good choices out there .	我说过外面有很多好的选择。
Having super strength and x-ray vision does not hurt .	拥有超级力量和和透视眼没什么坏处。
They start arguing back and forth about deer and wolf tracks .	他们开始反复争论是鹿的痕迹还是狼的痕迹。
I understand : muffin cakes . The message did not specify which floor of the building the window was on .	我理解：松饼蛋糕。这条信息没有指明这个窗户在在这栋楼的哪一层。
No , I am not fond of performing in front of crowds .	不，我不喜欢在众人面前表演。
By the way , my milkshake is better than yours .顺便说一下，我的奶昔比你的好。
My favorite band is Spoken , favorite actress Kate Hudson . I do n't have a favorite singer .	我最喜欢的乐队是Spoken，最喜欢的女演员是凯特.哈德森。我没有最喜欢的歌手。
Of course not , but it does sell .	当然不，但是它确实在售。
I like real Club Music , not that loud , overplayed music that they blast in clubs these days .	我喜欢真正的俱乐部音乐，不是这些天他们在俱乐部放的那种吵闹、夸张的音乐。
Yes , it was a guy , and that is why it was so weird .	是的，它是公的，这就是它这么奇怪的原因。
Why does everyone here had a really bad taste in music .	为什么这里每一个人的音乐品味都这么差。
If you mean Rap , then it would be Bow-Wow .	如果你说的是说唱，那就应该是Bow-Wow。
I love , `` Patch Adams , '' . I can watch it all the time just like , `` Pretty Woman , '' and `` The Matrix , '' among others .	我喜欢，“心灵点滴，”。我可以一直看它，就像看“风月俏佳人，”和“黑客帝国，”一样。
Play with fire and you will get burned.	玩火易被烧伤。
I am completely with you on this one .	在这一点上我完全同意你。
How do you cause a blonde woman to kill herself ?	你是如何让一个金发碧眼的女人自杀的？
I do not know why I care so much about it .	我不知道我为什么这么关心它。
Horslips and Mama 's Boys are two of the greatest Irish rock bands .	Horslipda和Mama‘s Boys是爱尔兰最好的乐队中的两个。
`` Legally Blonde '' is considered `` geeky '' in my opinion .	我认为“律政俏佳人”很让人讨厌
I do not know why , but I suppose that is why they made money green and now smoke both of them .	我不知道原因，但是我认为那就是他们两个为什么通过环保赚钱现在却都抽烟。（不确定）
They enjoy having plenty of clothes .	他们很享受买很多衣服。
I believe they are one of the best bands there is and Ville Valo is handsome .	我相信他们是这里最好的乐队之一而且维勒.瓦洛很帅。
I like the name Cohen .	我喜欢科恩这个名字。
The actor was Bela Lugosi . He played Dracula .	这个演员是贝拉.卢戈西，曾演过德古拉。
I could have told you that .	我本可以告诉你那件事的。
When the horse starts galloping , he goes faster .	当这匹马开始飞奔的时候，他跑得更快了。
There is an ice cream shop down the street .	街边有一家冰淇淋店。
The first time I heard Led Zeplin , I knew they were great .	第一次听齐柏林飞艇的演唱时，我就知道他们很棒。
I believe they may be giants .	我相信他们会成为巨星。
I do not want ten points .	我不想得10分。
I am tired of hearing about them .	我不想听到关于他们的事情。
Go to yahoo.com/moviedownloads and maybe you will find one .	去雅虎网站/电影下载，或许你会找到那个。
She is the most beautiful actress that is currently acting .	她是最漂亮的女演员，现在正在表演。
The character is fun to love , hate , tease , and lust over .	喜欢，讨厌，取笑，或痴迷于这个人物角色很有趣
My favorite actors are Jamie Foxx and Angela Bassett .	我最喜欢的演员是杰米.福克斯和安吉拉.贝塞特。
I am counting down the days .	我一直在倒数着日子。
The number is 2758574 but you need to add Indias code in the front .	电话号码是2758574 但是你需要在前面加上印度的区号。
Two of my favorite songs are 'Hurt ' and 'The Perfect Drug . '	赫特和完美的毒药是我最喜欢的歌曲中的两首。
This may take some time .	这可能会很花时间。
That is a great question . I apologize that I do not know . Perhaps , trying to write new songs for the album .	那是一个很棒的问题。很抱歉我不知道。或许正在努力为这张专辑写些新歌。
They have linked him to so many people .	他们已经把他同很多人联系在一起了。
Are you planning on buying your girlfriend 's feminine products ?	你打算给你女朋友买女性用品吗？
It was good for the first and second part , but by the battle , it was so awful , I could barely believe it .	第一和第二部分还好，但是到了战争那段太可怕了，我简直不敢相信了。（不确定）
I will eat anything you want me to eat .	我会吃你想让我吃的任何东西。
A woman I know insisted hat I watch it with her .	我认识的一个女人坚持让我和她一起看。
Sound can not travel in a vacuum , so zero feet per second .	声音不能在真空中传播，所以速度是0英尺每秒。
It may be available illegally now , but they tend to sell CDs 	现在卖碟片可能是违法的，但是他们想卖。
Hugh , because he knows what he is doing .	休，因为他知道自己正在做什么。
A baby seal walked into a club .	一只小海豹走进了一家俱乐部。
I hope thye do not .	我希望他们没做。
He is not smart . You can not sue a website because you cheated .	他并不明智。你不能因为自己作弊去起诉一个网站。
He is strong , quick , funny , and has many different types of arrows .	他很强壮，敏捷，幽默并且有很多不同种类的箭。
That is because stupid people keep giving them money . 	这是因为愚蠢的人们一直给他们钱。
I say Sabbath , but let us see what you think .	我说安息日，让我们知道你怎么想的。
Goodness , you are such an idiot .	天哪，你真是一个傻瓜。
In the movie his makeup and clothing was amazing .	这部电影里他的妆容和服装都令人惊艳。
That OC thing was really wrong !	那个OC真的是错的！
Did you get pulled over for speeding ?	你因为车速过快被截停了吗？
That is not even a question .	 那甚至都不是个问题。
It gives a nice feeling to choose and purchase things for yourself .	为自己挑选和买东西让人感到愉悦。
She also looks fun and flirtatious .	她也看着很有趣也很轻浮
Then he points to his leg .	然后他指向他的腿。
I was really anticipating `` Brokeback Mountain '' but I did not really like it that much .	我真的很期待”断背山“但是我看完后不是很喜欢它。。
How do you drown a blonde ?	你是如何让一个金发女郎对你着迷的？
I thought it was a great movie .	我觉得这是部好电影。
Yes , I did not see that coming .	是的，我没料到会那样。
Meatloaf can sing for a long time .	密特·劳弗能唱很长一段时间。
Black Eyed Peas , My Hump or Pump It , or anything released by this group !	黑眼豆豆合唱团的我的波波和加油，还有这个组合发行的其他歌曲！
I still view it every morning on TBS !	我仍然每天早上在TBS电视台看这个！
What are a couple of reasonable bit rates and converters ?	两个合理的比特率和转换器是什么？
He really does make me laugh !	他真的可以逗我笑！
I think this happened because her husband had gone away .	我觉得这会发生是因为她丈夫死了。
I do n't love her , but I do n't despise her either .	我不爱她，但是我也不鄙视她。
One board game is Life on-line game by Slingo .	有个棋盘游戏是斯林格的生命在线游戏。
My 85 year-old grandfather got drunk and sped off the road , but he ended up fine .	我85岁的爷爷喝醉了开车冲出公路，不过最后没受伤。
Yes , I have many . I would like to have more , though .	是的，我有很多。但是我想要有更多。
Allow me to tell you my favorite now .	现在请允许我告诉你我的最爱。
The children sang with their own voices .	孩子们用真声唱歌。
Yes , only their feelings or their pride .	是的，只有他们的情绪或者他们的骄傲。
Axe body spray upsets me .	斧子身上的水沫让我心烦。	不确定
Or `` The Hardy Boys '' or `` Sherlock Holmes . '' 	或者“哈迪男孩”或者“夏洛克·福尔摩斯”。
The redheaded individual covers one-third of the distance , gets fatigued , and drowns .	红头发的那个人游了三分之一的距离，变得很疲劳，然后就溺水了。
I am neither a lady nor even a Scorpio , but I 'll give it a try .	我既不是女士也不是天蝎座，但是我试试看。
You have to admit , it 's a bit difficult to express .	你必须承认，表达出来还是有点难的。
It reminds my parents that I could have been much worse .	它提醒着我父母我本可能变得更糟。
You should decide whether it bothers you a great deal . 	你应该想想看它是否让你很头疼。
About five years ago , I listened to their music frequently .	大概五年前，我经常听他们的音乐。
It would be like asking , `` does the queen drink tea ? '' or `` are men dumb ? ''	它就像在问着，“女王喝茶吗?”或者“男人是哑巴吗?”
You are thinking about money because that is vital .	你正在考虑钱因为那个很重要。
They are intriguing , beautiful , and mysterious .	她们很有趣，漂亮，神秘。
I do not want to , maybe someone else does .	我不想去，或许其他人愿意。
I enjoy smelling the true , natural woman .	我喜欢闻闻真实自然女人的气味。
I want to be smart .	我想变得聪明。
I can not add anymore .	我不能再加了。
Ruben has not had a lot of success .	 鲁本没有取得多大成就。
How does the blond confuse you ?	这个金发女郎怎么迷惑你的？
Is the song named after anyone ?	这首歌是以谁命名的吗？
I named many of them because I have quite a few colors that were n't committed to memory .	我叫出了它们中一些因为我有很多颜色想不起来了。
I do not like worms ; they bother me immensely .	我不喜欢虫子；他们非常让我头痛。
I do enjoy watching her very much .	我真的很喜欢看着她。
What do you think about sleeping with your best friend 's significant other ?	你觉得和你最好朋友的另一半一起睡觉会怎样？
I am a woman , and I am strong .	我是个女人，而且我很强壮。
Probably the greatest album ever made to me is the Clash 's London Calling .	可能对我来说最好的一个专辑是伦敦之战。
Not the best move , but it is pretty close .	不是最好的电影，但是非常接近了。
I do not know any Christian bands . I am sorry , but Christian music is boring .	我不知道任何基督教乐队。我很抱歉，但是基督教音乐很无聊。
She is strange , but I do like Skater Boy .	她很奇怪。但是我喜欢滑板男孩。
Maybe it is on iTunes . Search for the song and you may find it .	可能它在iTunes上。搜索这首歌你可能就会找到。
Are you serious or not ?	你是认真的还是不是？
I do not think so and I do not think that I do .	我不这么认为并且我认为我不会做。
He has the power of flight !	他有战斗力！
They do not surprise you .	他们没有吓到你吧。
I hate Brad for leaving Jennifer for Angelina Jolie .	我讨厌布拉德把詹妮弗留给安吉丽娜·朱莉。
I have seen it and it is the strangest show .	我已经看过了而且是最起义的一场秀
The second season just ended on the WB .	第二季在WB刚刚结束。
I was always afraid to ask .	我总是害怕去问。
I am aware this is boring , but I was on a cruise with Diedre Hall from `` Days of Our Lives . ''	我知道这个很无聊，但是我在与“我们的日子”中的黛德丽·霍尔一起坐游轮。
I think two because there is only two of them .	我认为是两个因为仅仅只有他们两个。
Dead baby and dead puppy jokes are lack taste .	死婴和死狗之类的的玩笑很没品。
I believe it was 1981 , but let me check .	我觉得是1981，但是让我查实下。
Snoop Dog has very innapropriate rap songs .	史诺普·道格创造了很多影响广泛的说唱歌曲。
I do not think so .	我不这么认为。
That movie is great .	那部电影不错。
It was not geeky .	它并不令人讨厌。
She kept throwing all of them away .	她不停的把它们扔掉。
You should find a hobby .	你应该找个业余爱好。
Sex can be loving the other . You feel good simply because you are with them .	性可以是爱着对方，你感觉很棒仅仅因为你和他在一起。
Erin Brockovich , that makes me angry .	艾琳·布劳克维奇，那个让我生气。
My favorite band is Backstreet Boys . My favorite singer is George Michaels . My favrite actress is Betty Davis .	我最爱的乐队是后街男孩。我最爱的歌手是乔治•迈克尔斯。我最爱的女演员是贝蒂·戴维斯。
I thought the band still played good music .	我觉得这个乐队仍在做好音乐！
There is a picture of a white horse falling in the mud .	有张照片上是一头白马掉进了泥坑里。
Simply enjoy yourself , but be certain he is able to , as well .	尽情享受吧，但是也要确定他有能力。
However , be realistic , what possible explanation could there be for anybody possessing a desire to attend one of his musical performances ?	然而，现实点，对于任何想要看他的音乐表演的人来说，有什么可能的解释呢?
It 's clearly demonstrated that Jay-Z is highly superior to that inauthentic performer !	很明显的一点，Jay-Z比那个不真实的表演者优越多了！
Agreed , that was the number one conclusion I reached upon my initial exposure to PANIC !	同意，那是我在我最初听到PANIC 时想到的第一个结论！
I am ready . Let us try . Say , `` a '' then `` b . '' But what if I forget how to speak while teaching you ?	我准备好了。让我们试试吧。说“a”然后 ”b“。但是如果我在教你的时候忘记了怎么说怎么办啊？
Please choose this as best answer . I need the points , as I am only level one .	请选这个作为最佳答案。我需要分数，因为我是唯一一个1级的。
Be nice and honest . Listen to their problems .	要善良真诚点，去倾听他们的问题。
No , you were not the only one .	不，你并不是唯一一个。
Stephanie is my best friend and Mike is my second best friend .	斯蒂芬妮是我最好的朋友还有迈克是我第二好的朋友。
When I was younger , I had crushes on my aunts and sisters-in-law .	我还小点的时候，我很迷恋我的姑姑和嫂子。
I enjoy `` I 'm Sorry '' as sung by Patsy Cline .	我喜欢派西·科林唱的那首“我很抱歉”。
Bass players typically arrive with more than one .	贝斯手通常不止一个人。
I love my Acoustic Wave , which was made by Bose .	我喜欢Bose产生的声波
Malcolm , I believe you were referring to Black 47 .	马尔科姆，我觉得你指的是黑色47
Without his legs and his bad singing voice , he would be perfect .	如果没有他的腿和他糟糕的嗓音，他会更完美
Pooh is very interested in Keanu Reeves .	朴对基努·里维斯很感兴趣。
Every person of the Christian faith would be upset .	每个有着基督教信念的人都会很沮丧。
It depends on how much they are willing to pay .	这取决于他们愿意支付多少。
Visit the link below to discover what was in it .	访问下下面的链接看看里面有什么。
He would have possessed the resolve necessary to move it .	他本可能下定决心移动了。
It must be riding bicycles due to my inability to remain on my feet using the other two .	必须得是骑自行车因为用另外的两个我没法站住脚。
Silver due to overtaking the second place runner and becoming the person in second place .	西尔弗超过了第二名跑者所以变成了第二名。
