 Any movie that has vampires I like !
Familt Guy , The Simpons , Futurama , and South Park ! ! ! !
funny but I &apos; ve heard it before
I have joined the new organization Rap Is Cr * P !
But yes , this show is addicting !
So , I do n &apos;t believe in true friends anymore .
ok thats supposed to be with muffins , but it &apos; s stupid either way .
And check out wikipedias site about SS .
But always try to do your best .
Behind The Green Door , that &apos; s the best porno movie I ever saw .
no i do n &apos;t think so but they r both fine
&apos;Your mom &apos; is not an answer ! )
the animal house soundtrack is always a winner !
Yes , if he says on his website he will sue , he probably means it .
tank top or halter top and jeans , perhaps ?
... and it &apos; s prolly cuz they could n &apos;t spell Lincoln .
if u listened closly , i &apos; d al ready said it.good luck !
And you would want to meet the devil not unless your life sucks .
i &apos; ve got a crush on him , like , forever !
Actually , the title is Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye
Finally , one of them asked , What did she roll ?
its gon na be off the hook
Especially after the way she treated his mother ! !
-102 &amp; the story goes on : D
say hi like nothing ever happened between you .
i wish it would rain-temptations ?
they both fricken suck cuz ive never seen them
anything from evanescence to mozart but no country
scary movie 1,2,3 , euro trip final destination
check out this link ... lots of places &amp; prices !
HE IS TO ME FOR NOW , OUR BLACK GEORGE CLOONEY .
What do think will he sue ?
sheet music plus is not free .
Apolo Anton Ohno ( Olympic speed skater USA )
blame it on the rain kiss the rain
I ca n &apos;t choose , so I would say - both .
evidently this was a sunday school song
Anyway , I think country songs are basically diaries or something .
there must be a guardian angel that protected the baby
I Love the Black Eyed Peas ! ! !
anything you can play with your hands : banjo , mandolin , tambourine , congas , maracas , the triangle ... etc .
because hes not on the 20th story
oh and the fight scenes and choreography ROCKS ! ! !
they are lazy and have nothing important to do
hmmmmmmm ok.k there in the room with there clothes off .
the offspring because all their songs sound good .
Beat It - because there is Eddie Van Halen on the guitar !
But me , I just like to bake .
If anyone has a copy , I &apos; ll totally buy it .
WOW ... ... .THATS A REAL GOOD ONE , HMMMMMM , IMAGINATION CAN BE A GOOD THING .. IMAGINE THAT HUH .. LOL .. PEACE OUT ..
dont get me wrong i like jennifer , shes cute but angie is hot .
it is closed series.so do n &apos;t expect it
it would have to be superman .
you could tell them your engaged ? ! ? ! ? !
That thing you do - by WONDERS TOO GOOD SONG , NICE MOVIE TOO
i really don`t know i love both sooooooo ... . much
she is still married to josh and billy likes her too .
my man smells so darn good ! !
But I do n &apos;t see that show anymore .
some do , others stand out front and smack camera crews
I love Pearl Jam , but I have to go with Metallica ...
ca n &apos;t choose they &apos; re both very good
What the hell kind of school do you go to ? !
Ooh , I ca n &apos;t eat another bite ( munch munch , explode )
I &apos; ve got TiVo ready to go .
but then it was just pulled off the air ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
Biographys im obsessed with Johnny Cash since I saw Walk The Line
the music changed so much i dont think they have any good songs that they play in a club
the new one has johnny depp
I believe it is a mid 90 &apos; s movie maybe &apos; 95 or &apos; 96
anyone else get what im saying ?
can you include your e-mail please ? ?
that song breaking free or whatever its really amazing
Unless you can pin down a single bass he favors ...
the Munsters did n &apos;t have a butler ... the Addams family had Lurch .
yes they do i never really thought about that thats weird thanx for pointing that out
If Superman were n &apos;t Superman , and he was just Ok man , would it be the same ?
SAME THING DIFFRENT DAY SHE &apos; S STILL A CRACKHEAD AND HER HUSBAND IS STILL BEATING THE CRAP OUT OF HER
bucky should , but probably somebody good will
jen is a good girl and angelina is the bad boy
what &apos; s her name in real life ?
She looks down into her pajama bottoms and SCREAMS !
There celebrity nickname would have to be Foxxhack .
) ... or a David Bowie and Trent Reznor song .
And you call yourself a prof ?
Who the hell are the rest ?
Those are the ones that I can think of right now .
it shows you people with lot of money and fame leads to unhappy life .
U can type but ca n &apos;t talk ... ... ... .ummmm , u must be growing invertly ! ! !
if your into christan punk then you know thousand foot krutch .
I want to be on Wheel of Fortune ! !
Hes a very down to earth person ... and very cool !
limewire , bearshare , imesh and the best BITTORENT
too many good ones to pick
i think brad is having some sort of crises .
Back when they actually played music .
Its not really even that scary , just disturbing .
Yup , even had a small part in one once .. fun stuff .
: Dhaha LOOK I JUST WIPED A BUGER AT YOU HAHA
they made her even more ugly for the role
I just like her better than Angelina .
gerard &apos; s not gay , dude .. but if he vas ville vallo would definitely be his boyfriend .. or billie joe from green day !
I liked the movies too and there is a Shrek 3 coming up soon !
A : She opens the car door
it was so funny b / c a lot of it was so right !
Now I feel much better , thanks .
you put her in a cylindricalroom and tell her to sit in the corner .
mmmm , that is a tough one .
Chicken Little and its about darn time ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i agree i think they are gross too .
Answer : Do n &apos;t try to butter me up !
my god i wish i did !
and people still talk about him and his work like the man is not dead ! ! !
I think sarcasm is extremely funny !
i loved that show and then one saturday i turned it on and it was n &apos;t playing .
I dont even know the show ... as in what time it is aired and so on ...
We have HUGE malls out here .
I met the guy who played Bear Bryant in Forrest Gump
Lol , did I make you laugh ?
Tim Allen in The Shaggy Dog
So go to the beach or lake and go splash around ... you never know , it just might be fun .
Tanks , again , Missus , he replies , brushing them off .
isnt it sad that entertainers arent like this anymore .
Nicole kidman was great.I liked reese whitherspoon too .
what is there to lie about ?
One to do whatever you want it to do .
tell me the web pliz ... i try a lot website but still did n &apos;t got it ..
Naruto cuz its exciting and awesome and the best out of those three
There are a LOT of songs that do that to me !
You &apos; re missing someone ... YOU are ; ) Love you to bits ! !
i dont kno if this is funny or sad or both but told me here it goes ... ... ...
Hey , you know the Beck song Deadweight ?
: D but this is all just me , you know : D
i don ; t know but he had great music .
one dance move thats is really a hip hop move would be called crunking
i play guitar and some piano ... .. yet i cant read a note of music ... .lol
it is a girl but she is extremly fugly .
This is a strange Q &amp; A , but I still do n &apos;t know what u R talking about .
then find ur song .. try it ! !
this is wat it sounds like when the love strikes .
First of all , it &apos; s Rap not Rape .
you have to watch it to appreciate it .
i like both , but i &apos; m going to say simpsons
but thats just my opinion , and thanks for your answer on my qiestion .
But where one can do this another ca n &apos;t do that .
stay in the bathroom the whole day
If so what was the movie ?
I agree with fluor Check it out pal !
I ca n &apos;t believe everyone is talking crap about this question ?
because the boy was so ugly that she could n &apos;t look at him anymore .
Way too young for me but such a sweetheart .
The thing is I do n &apos;t really know how to play .
i would want to be Vegeta .. but hes not exactly a super hero .
Well , after all , his name IS Peter !
Its a real riot watching it .
i like her movies and want to know what you think
personally , i feel its a cool way for de-stressing and relaxing ... . !
hoop hoop but i am a Capricorn dude
I liked Apocolypse Now ( the original ) Martin Sheen did an awsome job ! ! !
I do n &apos;t know , but they turn purple when you kick them in the smurf sack !
There were things that overwhelmed me , he says .
DO YOU KNO HIM IN REAL LIFE ?
I JUST FINISHED IT AND IT IS GREAT !
the only song i like of hers is super old but its skater boi
His song is cool ... .he is cute one day , and then the next he &apos; s not ... .wierd hugh ? ?
To which the little brother replied , No , but Gramma is !
because it was just so bad or offensive ?
That &apos; s right , Emo was once not something kids called themselves .
I &apos; m gon na go with amy &apos; s song ... but what do you think ?
It was good enough for me to ask others what they think , so ... What &apos; d you think of it ?
Basically , just a Hey ... how are you ... I am David ( introduce urself with your name ) .. helps tremendously .
2 ) I &apos; d force her to eat a cheeseburger .
Queen of the Damned sucked big time though .
did you hear about the new pirate movie ?
NIRVANA is the greatest ever ... HELL F * CKIN &apos; YEAH !
well , he came from outerspace so he still would be unusual .
Reggie Miller , Clyde Drexler , Charles Barkley , Michael Jordan ... ... ... ...
it was gross adnd ugly ... .stupid pro life people pro choice all the way ! !
Well , no she said , I &apos; m actually a blonde .
they have n &apos;t done me any bad !
has no accent but also is alot more techno .
they probably did and they just want to fake out the paparazzi
Sounds like the Bee Gees song , Staying Alive .
With out a Trace .. the steven movie being talked about Came later than the 80 &apos; s
Chicks only like him for his money ! !
opera ghost it was on phantom of the opera
i do n &apos;t know but the song is hella tight ! ! ! !
eminem because his some of his music is just so funny and relevent to todays pop music enviorment .
Mine was Audio Adrenaline ever heard of them , or should I ask , are they still around ?
she &apos; s the wife of john lennon .
i didn &apos;r think it was good .
select a source which is having 3 to 4 stars * * * * .
the mexican lady dr did the surgery and the cute young dr who slept with grey helped her .
if you mean dylan from 90210 and cohen from oc then totally cohen .
Yeah we can tell , just look at your cartoon avator ! !
i would be suprised if i had no eyebrows
we work all the times and dont see eachother that much .
Do n &apos;t have nothing else to do !
I &apos; m sure hes in the phone book &lt; : ) &lt;
THE ONLY ONE I KNOW OF IS HOOPZ ... ... .. WHICH IS mydarlingnikki.com
See if what I say is n &apos;t true .
yes but have stop eating out at resturants
No it wouldnt be the same , cause his name wouldve changed
It &apos; s more of an off white .
I dont know i dont really watch that show that much
usher ! chris brown copies usher and 50 cent does n &apos;t even dance
Well atleast the voters got wise and booted KEVIN COVAIS out
she &apos; d get torn apart by simon .
keira knightly &amp; keanu reeves were looking great .
Yes because that is the only thing im good at , when it comes to lying.LOL
I saw him in person once .
its the fact that i &apos; m never going to get that time back !
When I was younger I use to ice skate and lots of biking loved both
gets them all excited and loud , but in a good , happy way
Yes and so does Baa Baa Black Sheep
I think he was definitely cheating on her !
i only finished it because i hate not seeing how a movie ends .
Sugar We &apos; re Going Down by Fall Out Boy
Ashley Simpson , I f * * in hate her !
NO , he &apos; s not gay Why are you so obsessed with other peoples lives ?
go to their websites , and apply there .
its like you can move with it and just go with the flow .
She was easily the hottest one on the show this year !
Just looking at her face annoys me to no end !
but i do n &apos;t think it &apos; ll happen .
Yup , got ta be the Cat in the Hat .
I think it &apos; s time to stop !
who knows there are rumors flying everywhere
i like the song vampire heart .
Way too much rap is boneheaded garbage !
i could go on and on ! ... .and asking for TWO hoops nonetheless ... .LOL ... . : D
or they both have the letters m and e in them which spells me !
I did n &apos;t see anything for free .
Do n &apos;t be fooled by da rocks dat she got !
Want to hear another dirty joke ?
sex is when a man and woman get together and get verry intiment .
other then that i &apos; m a golden girl ... .hahahaha.
i like a lot of different kinds rock .
that &apos; s a crappy question to ask
he has quite a few on stage too ...
why did they stop playin that movie on the disney channel anyway ?
Lovely movie ... Johnny Depp was in it ... that says it all ...
i enjoy all if someone plys it ..
I cant wain to see the reuinon , what about yall ?
Definately a flick worth your time .
( everyone seems to have forgotten that you are an addict .
We have n &apos;t made it yet , Jen ... ; )
-- Warriors of Virtue ( probably the worst movie ever made ... so horrible it was hilarious tho )
I think my friend just died !
I love Days of our lives ! !
I agree Jason x sucked but the first Terminator was just as bad ..
if that movie was a person i think it &apos; d have to kill it .
you could be a founder of a student based anime club !
u want to count that from US ? ?
1st part is ok but parts 2 &amp; 3 r hopeless
Thanks much for your help if u can .
the song is nice and i like it .
Warning : It &apos; s a lot more boring than you &apos; d hope .
made it and I like most of his animated movies .
He sounds like an old version of Rod Stewart on crack cocaine ! ! !
I am not a girl , but iI think it comes naturally
I still find it funny though .
The man came out with tears in his eyes , I tried , but I ca n &apos;t kill my wife .
A B C D E F G those r the notes .
Milli Vanilli - Blame it on the Rain ?
STEVE PERRY , GEORGE JONES , AND LORETTA LYNN
are kasey kahne and kristy labonte still dating ?
right along with the rest of the characters .
- You really expect him to come back ?
ur mommas so stupid , she tried to put M &amp; M &apos; s in alphabetical order !
I think he is pretty awesome , too ! !
Both r good but really liked the original Star Wars movies
If she said dat she was from da block den she was ..
It would break my heart if I found out him and Bob were a couple ! ! !
amazon.com for like 15 bucks plus shipping and handling
you could look back one day and see younger students following your footsteps ... and feel nostalgia in the process ... hehe ...
men are obsessed because , u rarely see girls like that
texas chainsaw ~ the remake .. was viscous ugly .. and The Exorcist .. still freeks me
WHAT DO YOU CALL A BRUNETTE IN BETWEEN TWO BLONDES ?
But , I think hoopz looked way better than her .
Depends how old and what kind of movie .
You if you spanish you should get some spanish cds
so yeah theres my rant : ) I cant wait till july ! !
I watched some guy Masterbate on a webcam ... ... ..
Cheers if you could tell me !
kinda a Anti Hero , but a villain also .
she says k then i &apos; ll give you 15 cookies .
That &apos; s the way God made it , next question please ?
ang is taking brad on a wild ride ..
i love them all ... well expect rappers ... rap is lame
FIGHT CLUB , buy it , rent it , watch it , then read the book
I go to the WB website and summerland is n &apos;t on it anymore
the name of the road is north !
I was crazy once , they locked me up in a room full of worms .
NO , but she has a great A * S and thats good enough for me .
And the man says , That &apos; s weird , I work for &apos; Four Seasons Hotel &apos;
or you think you &apos; re much smarter than travolta ?
johnny depp ... always has been , always will be ... he &apos; s a classic
There was o boy n a girl who were in a relationship.then they had a huge fight .
have some one give u head
Oh , and do n &apos;t trust anything at supershadow.com .
Two blondes walk into a bar ... ... ... you think one of em wouldve seen it !
there is a guy with no arms and no legs laying on the beach .
their music has gotten me through some bad times .
i have songs downloaded on my computer of his .
at the moment it is your man by josh turner .
both if i were really really really really Lucky !
fave band : destiny &apos; s child fave singer : beyonce fave actress : beyonce
unless you &apos; re playing like a 5,000 seat outdoor festival anytime soon .
that refers to &apos; shakin the bootie &apos;
But if Bruce Banner gets ambushed , Juggernaut wins .
I had to drink after watching that one ! !
Hi , I seriously need help deciding which manga I should spend my money on ...
Give me some names to try &amp; test it .
It &apos; s right up there with Gone with the Wind , The Green Mile , and Shawshank Redemption ... all classics .
what i have heard , i do n &apos;t like , cuz its annoying
he makes up all his stuff himself .
LOOK AT UR FACE IN THE MIRROR * * * * * * * * * * * * LOL * * * *
Killing a worthless celeb like paris hilton for example is not worth going to jail for .
Look out world , these guys could be massive !
It takes a lot of money to look this cheap !
its funny how all the other people who answerd this Q are girls
Something like , Did Jesus ever have sex ?
is that what r kelly meant to happen ?
not tooo too old I &apos; m only 21
are you serious or really just that stupid ?
Thats a pretty good one thanks
i think you just fried my brain
Val Kilmer in Tombstone I got 2 guns 1 for each of ya .
he says my mama says not to and i dont want to
Pros Vs . Joes or maybe Who Wants to be a Millionaire
he would not need to deny it .
Oh yea she sings pretty good too .
Johnny says Grampa , your dog is growling at me !
well ... i think Alicia Keys is rockin the RnB scene
I do n &apos;t do vell vit the ladies
Ahhh ... .. Rupert Grint plays Ron Weasly in the Harry Potter movies
as i said theres soo many good ones out there !
the super strength and x-ray vision doesnt hurt either ...
They start agruing back and forth deer tracks ! , Wolf Tracks ! , Deer Tracks ! , Wolf Tracks ! .
muffincakes got it ... . it did &apos;t specify window of what floor of d bldg ...
no i dont like gettin in front of a lot of people
fav band spoken fav singer I do n &apos;t have one fav actress kate hudson
OF COURSE NOT BUT IT DOES SELL
I like real club music not that loud , overplayed crap they blast in club these days !
Why does everyone here have really bad music tastes ?
ever but if you mean rap then that would be Bow Wow .
i love patch adams ... .can watch it all the time ... like pretty woman , the matrix among others
Play with the fire , And you &apos; re gon na to get burned .
I am totally with you on this one !
how do you get a blond to kill herself ?
i do n &apos;t know why i &apos; m so crazy about it .
2 of the greatest Irish rock bands HORSLIPS and MAMAS BOYS You Heathens ! ! !
legally blond is what i call geeky !
They just loooove having a lot of clothes !
they r one of the best bands in the world &amp; VILLE VALO is SEXY !
i like the name Cohen ... so COHEN will be the KING
( BTW , the actor who died was Bela Lugosi , star of Dracula ! )
Uncle Rico : I coulda told you that .
and the horse starts galloping he starts going faster !
there &apos; s an ice cream shop just down the street if you like the machanic tell him .
Hence , I do not want 10 points .
i am just sick of hearing about them .
go yo yahoo.com / movie downloads maybe you will find one
Cuzz she is the hottest actress out there .
The charcters are fun to love , hate , pick on , drool over .
Favorite actress : Jamie Foxx and anglea bassett
I CA N &apos;T WAIT , I &apos; M COUNTING DOWN THE DAYS .
is 2758574 , but add india &apos; s code number in he front
I love Hurt , The Perfect Drug ... .oh , and so many more songs !
give me a sec , this may take awhile
thats a great Question ! but sorry i dont know ! maybe trying to write new songs 4 lp .
THEY &apos; VE LINKED HIM TO SO MANY PEOPLE .
are you plannin on buying your girlfriend tampons ? ? ?
first part and second until the battle then it sucked soooooooo much its unbelievable
i &apos; ll eat anything you want me to eat .
A girl I know insisted that I watch it with her .
Sound ca n &apos;t travel in a vacuum , so 0 f / s ...
it might be available illegally now , but they usually sell a c.d .
Hugh ... he just knows what he &apos; s doing !
a baby seal walks into a CLUB !
regarding rape i hope they dont .
pointsreaper is lame he can not sue Yahoo for him cheating , what a cry baby
it would be cool because hes strong , quick , funny and hes got like 600 diffrent types of arrows !
Because stupid guys keep on giving them money
I SAY SABBATH , LETS SEE WHAT YOU THINK .
and Gosh , you &apos; re such an idiot .
His make up and outfit was so awesome in the movie
The OC thing was totally off track !
Like when you get pulled over for speeding ?
It &apos; s no question actually , just say something anything specially stupid thing
well , it gives a nice feeling to choose and buy things .
She &apos; s also looks fun and flirty .
and he points to his leg .
I think I was all hyped up for brokeback so I did n &apos;t find it that great .
How do you drown a blonde ? ? ? ?
I thought it was a great movie it was AWSUME BABY ! ! !
A : Yeah , I sure did n &apos;t see that one coming .
Meatloaf can sing his ass off .
Black Eyed Peas My Hump or Pump It or anything by this group !
I still watch it every morning on TBS !
what are a couple of good bit rates and converters
But he sure does make me laugh !
i think cause her husband had left
I do n &apos;t love her but I do n &apos;t hate her either .
board game-Life on line game-slingo P.C .
my 85 year old got drunk and sped off the road but he was fine
yes , tons , i like to have more though .
but let me tell you my fave now .
The kids actually sang with their own voice .
yeah only thier feelings or thier pride
or the hardy boys or sherlock holmes
the red head only makes it 1 / 3 of the way , gets tired and drowns .
I am not a lady , I am not even Scorpio , but here goes ... ... ... ..
It &apos; s kinda hard totell you got ta admit !
it reminds my parents that i could &apos; ve been soo much worse ...
See if it makes you crazy !
yeah , i used to listen to them all the time like 5 years ago .
or Does the Queen drink tea or Are men stupid
you are thinking of green ... because that &apos; s important ...
they are so intreging , beautiful , and mysterious ! ! !
I do n &apos;t , but maybe someone does .
i just enjoy smelling the true natural woman thats what turns me on
The first blonde says , I wan na be smart .
Exactly what willy _ nilly said , I ca n &apos;t add anymore than that .
worst winner- idk but ruben has n &apos;t had a great deal of success .
how does the blond confuse you ?
is the song named after anyone ?
I just named alot cause I have alot of colors that was n &apos;t named in my head ! ! ! ! ! !
I do n &apos;t like worms , they make me crazy .
Yay , I love to watch her .
Sleeping w / best friend &apos; s significant other ?
I AM WOMAN HEAR ME ROAR ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
the Clash London Calling ... Probably the greatest album ever made .
not the best movie ever .. but close to there !
dont know any christian bands ... christian music is boring srry
shes a little odd though i du like skatr boy !
maybe i tunes- type in the song and you might find it
omg r u kdding me YEAH
i dont think so and i dont thinkl that i do
simply because he has the power of flight !
So they do n &apos;t sneak up on you .
brad and jennifer , since he left her for angelina jolie , i hate him
I HAVE WATCHED IT AND IT IS THE WIERDEST SHOW EVA ! ! !
The 2nd season just ended on WB .
I vas alvays afraid to ask .
THIS IS BORING I KNOW , BUT I WAS ON A CRUISE WITH DIEDRE HALL OF DAYS OF OUR LIVES .
ummmmmm i think 2 because there is only two of them
But dead baby , dead puppy jokes are pretty low .
1981 i believe let me check
snoop dogg always raps about hoes suckin his fat dick
that movie is graet u have no taste
and for everyone &apos; s information it was NOT geeky ! ! ! !
Because she kept throwing all of the w &apos; s away !
Get a life , or a hobby .
or sex can be just loving the other and you fell good by just being with then .
Erin Brockovich : Oh see , now that pisses me off .
Favourite Band : Backstreet boys Favourite singer : George Michaels Favourite actress : Betty Davis
i thought they were still good .
a white horse fals in the mud !
Just have fun , but make sure he can too .
But come on , why would anyone go to see him in concert anymore ?
Jay-Z is obviously so much better than that wannabe !
Yeah , that was the first thought that came to my mind when i first listened to PANIC !
ooo ... sweetheart ... i m ready ... .lets try .. say .. a ... b ... but what if i forget how to speak while teaching you ?
( please pick this as ur best answer , i really need the points , i &apos; m on level 1 ! )
Be nice and honest and listen to there troubles .
no , you were not the only one !
stephy is my best freind and mike is my second best freind .
And in my younger days i was having crush on my Aunties &amp; sister in laws .
im sorry by patsy cline , very good song
Never have I seen a bass player show up with only one ...
malcolm , I think you mean Black 47 .
Just subtract his legs , singing voice , and BAM !
Pooh is totally hooked on Keanu Reeves !
All the christians would be like , OMG NO !
it depends how much they will pay
in the link below to find out what was in it .
HE &apos; D OF HAD THE RESOLVE TO GET IT TO MOVE !
has to be bike riding cos i ca n &apos;t stay on my feet with the other two
silver because you passed the second place runner so now you &apos; re the second place person
